one more somewhat racialist attack which
is more mean-spirited than anything else
also at the same time understandable
against President Obama on the issue of
dogs now it's understandable because
Mitt Romney has been taking a lot of
heat for putting Sheamus his family dog
on roof of his car in 1983 for a 12-hour
ride they strapped that poor dog to the
roof not like yeah they had him up in a
kennel so Romney's taking a hit on it so
they got a divert attention they noticed
that in dreams of my father
President Obama wrote in his book in
2004 yeah that when he was in Indonesia
as a six or seven year old that his
stepfather had fed him some questionable
stuff well I think a snake and a dog
because it's part of the Indonesian
culture at cetera he's a kid he has no
say in this he's not preparing the meals
yeah it's not like he's like hey can we
get a dog in here right now none of that
but of course nonetheless here come the
Republicans now it's gonna hit a couple
of things they can divert attention from
the seamus controversy and plus there's
the you know I don't know if it's a
racial undertone whatever it is so let's
show you some of the pictures
he's a barbarian he's not like yes
exactly not like it's foreigner more the
foreigner rather than racial right so
they got a picture up here they've been
doing a meme on this they got a million
of these here's one Bono's barbecue and
a bi President Obama chasing down his
poor dog haha hehe they've got a bunch
of other pictures where he's eating a
hot dog with it's in the shape of a dog
now here's the part that bothered me
John McCain sent out a tweet on this
yeah you gotta be above this and you
know actually John McCain's campaign was
not very it was not racist against
President Obama in the Sarah Palin's
throughout a lot of racial stuff no
question but apparently that made John
McCain uncomfortable he's got a daughter
from Bangladesh he didn't like it when
they threw the racial stuff at him to
the bush team did but here he tweets out
good pic of my son Jimmy's Bulldog
Apollo I'm sorry mr. president he's not
on the menu oh come on don't do that
don't do that yeah you know for McCain
I mean look I you know we spend a lot of
time on this show we have since you and
I started doing it
to like try to figure out what people
meant right you know right I don't know
my Hodges John McCain just thought that
was funny like here the Seamus story I
know I know but he's got to think that
through a little bit well here's here's
what John McCain doesn't even though
he's in general much better than most
Republicans on race none of these guys
think it through
none of them are sensitive to it yeah
you know John McCain's heart in the
right place obviously he he's served
with with black eyes and served with
Hispanic guys and they've served under
M&E trust you know that he's all right
on it but still it's just not a yeah I'm
a hundred times don't even kernel man
he's probably irritated that there's
this response to yeah and and so Jay
Carney was asked about this will White
House spokesperson he had a funny retort
I think we're talking about a reference
in his book to period when he was six or
seven years old you know I making a big
deal out of it sounds like somebody
who's trying to get out of the doghouse
on something yeah efforts the shame was
singer okay inbounds out of bounds to
talk about the passage from the book I
mean irrelevant I don't think so I think
it's meant I hate that response from Jay
Carney I hate oh really I hate that cute
stuff I hate it sounds from the
formulaic to me it's like if you want a
reference Seamus I mean I would have
referenced him I would have been like he
was six or seven years old the other guy
tied his dog to the car what's your next
question all right
I'm afraid I think is out of bounds I
get why they did it I think it's out of
balance because it's really gonna feed
into the ugly side of the right wing in
this country
you know how many emails are gonna be
sent around on that yeah oh this kind of
stuff that they love it's the same guys
I send the gorilla emails and said they
gonna eat this up I have no idea it's
out of bounds I don't I don't think I
think because there's a because of the
Seamus connection a number of the people
engaging in it again doesn't occur to
them in any way there's you know III
will give John McCain a pass I don't
think he was being racialist right at
all but yeah they over but the guys like
the good guys just send the gorillas
emails around that's the they'll send
this around they'll think it's hilarious
because of that